README.md, before:

# Word Search
Word search is a program that takes a corpus and searches for those words in a grid of letters using a trie and DFS.

## Quick start
Word search requires a corpus of words (a text file of words in lowercase with only letters and each word on a new line). You can download one [here](http://www.mieliestronk.com/corncob_lowercase.txt). To build and run word search, run the following:
```
> mkdir build
> cd build
> cmake ..
> make
> ./src/word_search path/to/corpus.txt
```
If you downloaded the corpus from the above link, you should see the output
```
Reading /Users/yuhanliu/Downloads/english_corpus.txt
Unable to insert "cross-bun" into trie (line no. 11652)... ignoring
Read 58110 lines in 0.141 secs
Loaded corpus
```
*(note that "cross-bun" cannot be loaded because it contains a dash "-")*

Once loaded, simply enter a grid as a list of rows separated by new lines.

```
cake..
.a....
..t...
```
Note that you can use '.' or any non-lowercase letter to denote a whitespace. Once you've finished entering the grid, press enter again to insert an empty line and word search will list all the words that it's found
```
cake..
.a....
..t...

at
cat
cake
cake
take
```
To exit, just hit `Ctrl-D`.

## Internals
Word search internally uses a trie to perform a DFS at each location of the grid. It will efficiently disregard paths that are not a prefix to any word in the corpus. Since the longest english word is bounded to only a few letters (in the above link it's 23), the depth of the search is bounded by a constant.

Commit message:

added future works and formatted readme

README.md, after:

# Word Search

Word search is a program that takes a corpus and searches for those words in a grid of letters using a trie and DFS.

## Quick start

Word search requires a corpus of words (a text file of words in lowercase with only letters and each word on a new line)
. You can download one [here](http://www.mieliestronk.com/corncob_lowercase.txt). To build and run word search, run the
following:

```
> mkdir build
> cd build
> cmake ..
> make
> ./src/word_search path/to/corpus.txt
```

If you downloaded the corpus from the above link, you should see the output

```
Reading /Users/yuhanliu/Downloads/english_corpus.txt
Unable to insert "cross-bun" into trie (line no. 11652)... ignoring
Read 58110 lines in 0.141 secs
Loaded corpus
```

*(note that "cross-bun" cannot be loaded because it contains a dash "-")*

Once loaded, simply enter a grid as a list of rows separated by new lines.

```
cake..
.a....
..t...
```

Note that you can use '.' or any non-lowercase letter to denote a whitespace. Once you've finished entering the grid,
press enter again to insert an empty line and word search will list all the words that it's found

```
cake..
.a....
..t...

at
cat
cake
cake
take
```

To exit, just hit `Ctrl-D`.

## Internals

Word search internally uses a trie to perform a DFS at each location of the grid. It will efficiently disregard paths
that are not a prefix to any word in the corpus. Since the longest english word is bounded to only a few letters (in the
above link it's 23), the depth of the search is bounded by a constant.

## Future work

The next step is to incorporate OpenCV to automatically recognize grids of letters.
